Copyright (c) 2002 Clinton Begin. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if 
any, must include the following acknowledgment:

    "This product includes software developed by 
     Clinton Begin (http://www.ibatis.com/)."

Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, 
if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. The names "Clinton Begin" and "iBATIS" must not be used to endorse 
or promote products derived from this software without prior written 
permission of Clinton Begin. For written permission, please contact 
clinton.begin@ibatis.com.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "iBATIS" or 
"Clinton Begin", nor may "iBATIS" or "Clinton Begin" appear in their 
name, without prior written permission of Clinton Begin.  For written 
permission, please contact clinton.begin@ibatis.com.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL CLINTON BEGIN OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER 
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN 
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
